that way if anything all true like
poplin in the land on the bottom one you
want to clean the oven they're just
making nice maybe hey you owe me a hug
come on Robert yay nor July punch my
stomach
what denmark just kills technology not
do denmark is the kiss of death to tell
your ears flip a little bit doesn't have
that bubbly taste it really has make it
to the mouth barb women no offense to
anybody
yeah okay moving we're just gonna click
that word turtle we're dirty laughs is
still already because o someone said hey
I'm gonna go get a drink
Oh what happens oh if he's over there
why don't I go get masses money in with
his master date mask gives the money
thinking she needs the money
I wouldn't know nothing about that I
wasn't the one who did it
but you know if you ever do watch this
and be clothed ease the loves of
Melbourne Rose efficient everything
pressure knows all about that
of course China does too yeah those were
dark days Oh Gilbert injury for the
position real is here she's bad get real
north north north what are you doing uh
you know they're sharp implements that
way Denmark you may want to run Bob it's
not hiding if you announce it you did it
yourself
where did he go I don't know but
Norway's going to find out okay Walter
what did Mark ran in here we don't know
where Denmark went to a Russia no no
idea but I'm pretty sure Denmark's not
there in the dark abyss of nothing right
shit breaking that horsehair on the
sword we go please continue he's gonna
go around this way we are waiting for
the murder of Denmark
did you really expect nor you to do
anything else you kind of just walked
back in pressure and he actually ran
over this I mean I'm actually going to
so it's been more hiding out in the cold
can you believe she's right record just
y'all give you a hug if you come back no
Mac no let's go with the Mothman in the
house Denmark get your ass over here
it's not working
Denmark we're going to turn chemistry
lows to find you cool ah liter sir how
usually works your voice not gonna get a
hug now
hey nor GG I have Denmark's hug yeah yay
you can have a hug anyways yeah he
doesn't deserve a friend can you look
I'm out probably let's welcome him okay
alright Brannon Mark's drinking game
with Russia PI the only person who won't
die during the event okay ready yeah one
I'm not gonna say anything because then
there's going to be a lot of alcohol
flying feathers damn I thought that
would work
Slenderman suck it nor G wheat I'd know
about it
I've got nothing in mine used to up
seven years oh did Mark lost at his own
game it counts Pisa I'll work it on
precious cooking these tips on chronic
getting it you see pressure is currently
our slave because because his country
doesn't exist
Frances fault
god damn it Fred tell me the angry bird
mask do that don't give on pigeons you
can see people's old masters
dead men we need to talk about this
video no we don't yes I do we go no I
don't um project go ahead hon take a
week he'll buy here caught on the
doorframe okay into the hallway let's go
on or day
anyway from me and that shit carefully
Denmark your life depends on it